The Internet Worm was a collection of programs written by Robert T Morris Jr which exploited both password guessing and several known security holes in Unix to copy itself from system to system.One of the trickier implementation flaws that RTM exploited was a bug in the finger daemon (in.fingerd, nee fingerd). (The finger daemon is the program which handles network finger requests, showing idle time, location information, etc.) fingerd used the gets(3s) standard-I/O routine.You might have noticed that gets(3s) reads data into a buffer until a newline character is reached, but does not know the size of that buffer. While this is not necessarily a design flaw (it might be useful to not do such an overflow check in really speed-critical applications where the programmer is sure that an overflow could not happen, e.g., reading back data that the program had written out earlier), using gets(3s) in fingerd to read in the request from the remote network client most definitely is.The problem, of course, is that the network client is not necessarily trustworthy -- it may send too much data, overflowing the buffer. This I/O buffer is an automatic variable and space for it is allocated on the stack. Overflowing the buffer on a Sun3 (a popular machine in 1989) allows the attacking client to write pass the end of the stack frame and onto the return address for the function that calls gets(3s) (the stack grows down on a Sun3).By sending code (which does not contain a newline nor the NUL character) into the buffer and overwriting the return address with the address of that code, control will be transferred to the foreign code when gets(3s)'s caller returns. The foreign code contains a bootstrapper, which used the existing network connection to transfer over the rest of the worm.Additional documents about the worm may be found at the COAST lab archives.Near Field Communication (NFC) is a set of short-range wireless technologies, typically requiring a distance of 4cm or less to initiate a connection. NFC allows you to share small payloads of data between an NFC tag and an Android-powered device, or between two Android-powered devices.Tags can range in complexity. Simple tags offer just read and write semantics, sometimes with one-time-programmable areas to make the card read-only. More complex tags offer math operations, and have cryptographic hardware to authenticate access to a sector. The most sophisticated tags contain operating environments, allowing complex interactions with code executing on the tag. The data stored in the tag can also be written in a variety of formats, but many of the Android framework APIs are based around a NFC Forum standard called NDEF (NFC Data Exchange Format).You need to use the export keyword. However, I don't think G++ has proper support, so you need to include the template function's definition in the header so the translation unit can use it. This is because the <int> 'version' of the template hasn't been created, only the <typename T> 'version.'An easy way is to #include the .cpp file. However, this can cause problems, e.g. when other functions are in the .cpp file. It will also likely increase the compile time.A clean way is to move your template functions into its own .cpp file, and include that in the header or use the export keyword and compile it separately.Near field communication (NFC) is a set of standards for smartphones and similar devices to establish radio communication with each other by touching them together or bringing them into proximity, usually no more than a few inches.Present and anticipated applications include contactless transactions, data exchange, and simplified setup of more complex communications such as Wi-Fi.[1] Communication is also possible between a NFC device and an unpowered NFC chip, called a "tag".[2]NFC standards cover communications protocols and data exchange formats, and are based on existing radio-frequency identification (RFID) standards including ISO/IEC 14443 and FeliCa.[3] The standards include ISO/IEC 18092[4] and those defined by the NFC Forum, which was founded in 2004 by Nokia, Philips Semiconductors (became NXP Semiconductors since 2006) and Sony, and now has more than 160 members.The Forum also promotes NFC and certifies device compliance[5] and if it fits the criteria for being considered a personal area network.[citation needed]In addition to the NFC Forum, the GSMA has also worked to define a platform for the deployment of "GSMA NFC Standards". within mobile handsets. GSMA's efforts include "Trusted Services Manager"., Single Wire Protocol, testing and certification, "secure element"..The GSMA standards surrounding the deployment of NFC protocols (governed by the NFC Forum) on mobile handsets are neither exclusive nor universally accepted. For example, Google's deployment of Host Card Emulation on Android KitKat provides for software control of a universal radio. In this "HCE Deployment"., the NFC protocol is leveraged without the GSMA standards.
